[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
FINAL ROUND
[tense music]
-You swear not to reveal the secret?
-I swear.
[Jeremy] Good answer.
Now for the final step: the scanner.
We're going to record
a virtual image of you.
Afterward, you'll be immune to the returns
to the past. That'll make you part of us.
-Well, you ready? You scared?
-Me? No, why?
Were you scared the first time?
-No.
-Oh yeah, right!
I wasn't scared.
Oh, I guess I mixed you up
with another Ulrich Stern.
-You can still change your mind.
-Are you kidding?
[Jeremy] Scanner William.
Welcome to the club, William.
Well, how do you feel now?
Ready to take on XANA and his monsters.
And I just can't wait to see
what I look like on Lyoko.
Get real. XANA is much more dangerous
and devious than you can imagine.
And, before you can decently fight,
it's gonna take a lot of time.
At first, you should hang back
to check things out and to try to learn.
Okay, okay, don't flip out.
I wouldn't try to steal the show.
[Yumi hums]
[Odd] I'm hoping that XANA
doesn't attack tomorrow.
I'm enrolled in the inter Academy
skateboard championship,
and I am gonna win it too!
[Aelita giggles]
You're not someone who likes
to steal the show either!
Odd's right, in life,
you should always aim for the top.
[Ulrich] Why not? If you fall back down,
you crash a lot harder.
[theme music]
[unintelligible chatter]
[Odd] Thanks for coming with me, Ulrich.
Somebody's gotta pick you up
and dust you off when you fall.
I mean, what are friends for, Odd?
[Jim] Good afternoon.
Kadic Academy is proud to welcome you
to this grand skateboard championship.
I'm sure all of you
are going to knock us out
with your Nollies, Ollies, kick flips
and other Smith grinds.
Wow! You're really up
on your skateboarding, Jim.
Yeah, I sure am.
Actually, I was a roller derby champion
in the seventies.
What a shame you don't talk about it.
Actually, I'd be glad to,
but I don't have the time.
Okay, into the pipe, all of you.
[whistles]
[groans]
[whistle]
[grunts]
[Odd] Yeah!
[Odd] Yee haw!
[Odd] There you go.
The perfect mix of exceptional skills
and incredible elegance.
In a word, classy.
Hey, Odd. Great run out there.
[stutters]
Sam? How are you?
Not bad.
Now that was real class!
[titters]
[computer beeps]
Hey, it works!
-Really?
-Yeah.
Thanks to this program, we'll be able
to find your father on Lyoko.
Let's check it out in the lab now!
And this is the room
of our man of the hour, Jeremy Belpois.
What are you doing here?
You're kidding! Did you forget?
We're filming you for a whole day
for Kadic's special edition:
"A day in the life of Jeremy Belpois."
You are? I did forget completely.
I'm sorry, but I have too many things
to do today.
Great! We wanted to film our valedictorian
during his busy day.
[Milly]You won't even know we're there.
Don't worry. I'll go to the lab
and call you when I've tested the program.
Okay. I'm all yours now.
[hums]
I'm glad to see you, Sam,
but aren't you supposed
to be living on the coast?
I am, but I also signed up
for the championship.
I'm only here for the day.
[Jim] Samantha Knight.
My turn. Don't move. I'll be right back.
How weird is that to run into her?
I'd almost forgot
how cool and pretty she is.
And how you're really in love.
Can't you like somebody
without being in love?
Sure I can, but you're in love,
good buddy.
[theme music]
[tense music]
Oh, no!
For breakfast, do you like juice or milk?
Hot chocolate.
-[Milly] Eggs or toast?
-Cereal.
-[Milly] Butter or jam?
-Maple syrup.
Are you sure your readers care
about this stuff?
Look, I'm the reporter, and I know
what our readers want to read!
[phone rings]
[Jeremy] Aelita, something wrong?
XANA has launched an attack
in the chamber of the core of Lyoko.
Okay, tell the others.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
[Tamiya] If you're the reporter,
what am I?
He's right. Those are stupid questions!
If you have better ones,
what stops you from asking them.
You are! Okay?
Ladies, I have an idea.
We can do this interview later on,
after you two have finished fighting.
You're staying until you answer
all my fascinating questions!
-Oh, that Odd, he's so--
-So messy.
You wouldn't believe
what his room looks like!
He's like me.
My room's a permanent disaster zone.
It seems that you two
were made for each other.
[phone rings]
Aelita? No problem.
I'll tell Odd, and we'll be right there.
[Mr. Delmas] Ulrich Stern!
Someone here wants to see you.
Hello Ulrich.
Dad, but…
Yumi, emergency. XANA's attacking
the chamber at the core of Lyoko!
Oh, no, not today!
My parents are gone for the day.
I have to look after my brother.
-OK, I'll sneak out when he's not looking.
-[Hiroki] Dream on, sis.
[Ulrich] What are you doing here?
I'm worried about your grades.
That's the reason I came.
I think we have to talk.
I'm sorry, but today
is not a very good time.
I think the time is long overdue!
I wasn't expecting to see you and--
And I wasn't expecting a report card
as bad as yours was!
Come with me. Mr. Delmas was kind enough
to lend us his office.
-Sam?
-Hmm?
-Can you give Odd a message for me?
-Yeah, sure.
-Tell him to go to the "he knows where."
-Okay.
[grunts]
[phone rings]
Yes? Aelita?
Cool! Great! I'll be right there.
Wow, this is what I call fun!
Hey, where did Ulrich go, Sam?
I don't know.
He didn't say anything?
No.
Okay, but tell me, how was I?
Wow, you really rock!
[Yumi] Come on, Hiroki, please.
Let me go, and don't say anything.
I'll make it up to you. I promise.
You'll make it up to me how?
Look, want me to give you my disc man?
No.
I'll find you
the entire saga of Surfer Zombie.
Johnny just lent it to me.
[sighs]
I'll do all your homework for a month!
Including my math homework?
Yes.
Uh, interesting… but no.
[grumbles]
[theme music]
If XANA's monsters destroy the sphere,
Lyoko is gone for good,
and without Lyoko, we can't fight XANA.
I read you loud and clear.
What are we waiting for?
For the others to get here.
They'll meet up with us later.
Let's not waste time.
After all, that's the reason
you recruited me,
right?
[Jeremy] Mycology's a complicated science.
It's the branch of botany
that deals with fungi.
There are several species,
and they range in form
from a single cell to a mass body
of branched hyphae
producing specialized fruiting bodies.
The kingdom includes yeasts,
molds, smuts and mushrooms.
How's that an interesting question?
My question was fine.
The answer was boring.
Yes, Aelita?
Sorry. I'll take back control of this.
Oh, sure, that's just typical.
-When I ask a question, you get angry.
-Completely untrue!
-No it isn't!
-Yes it is!
William's right, Aelita.
Saving Lyoko takes top priority.
I'll be there as fast as I can
to transfer Odd, Ulrich and Yumi
when they show up.
Okay, don't drag your feet.
-Come on. Let's go.
-Yes!
[Milly] That's the way it's gonna be!
Ladies, I have to go to the bathroom.
You weren't planning
on filming me in the bathroom?
The virtualization process will bring us
directly to Sector Five.
We only have a few seconds
to get to the scanners.
Let's go.
[Milly] How long will you shoot this door?
[Tamiya] It's interesting to know how long
good students use the bathroom.
[grunts]
[machine buzzes]
[digital whirring]
Wow, that's some pretty classy gear!
And you? No weapon?
You fight with your bare hands?
What's your super power?
This isn't a video game, William.
We have an important mission
to accomplish.
Okay, okay, sorry.
So, where are the monsters?
Follow me. We have few minutes
to trip a key lever
that gets us into the chamber
at the core of Lyoko.
Killer! This is ten thousand times better
than Galactic Battle!
[computer beeps]
It's a movie set! Wow!
The key! It's over there!
[William] I'm on it!
No, wait!
[growls]
What?
What's that noise I hear?
Creepers!
Creepy crawlers! I love this.
You take care of the key.
I'll take care of these guys!
[grunts]
Watch it. They can be really tough.
Works for me. So can I.
[sighs]
[William] Geronimo!
[Mr. Stern] I want to understand
why your grades are so consistently poor.
It's just that I can't seem
to concentrate all the time.
-Why not?
-[Ulrich] Remember when you were my age.
Yes! At your age, I had straight A's,
and was preparing my college application!
[sighs]
[panting]
[action music]
[William grunts]
Wow, I can't believe it!
I am the man!
It's okay, William, come over here.
Wait, just one or two more of them, okay?
This is too cool!
[Aelita] William!
No!
[Jeremy] Aelita? What's going on?
-Where are the rest?
-[Aelita] How would I know?
-They're not in the computer lab?
-No.
[William] Jeremy, a weird looking creature
just showed up.
It's like some kind of giant jellyfish.
What? Aelita!
[Jeremy] You have to get to William.
[Jeremy] Hurry! You have to go
around the outside.
Take the next hallway on your left.
No, left!
Faster, before the Scyphozoa
goes after William!
Take the corridor on the right. Go on!
William, get out of there! Do you hear me?
I'm not afraid of some dumb jellyfish!
[Jeremy] William, just do what I say!
I don't know what the Scyphozoa
wants with you, but it can't be good!
[gasp]
Rats!
[Jeremy] Take the next hallway
on your left.
It's not much further.
William, get out of there right now!
[Jeremy] William, do you read me?
Relax, the Scyphozoa hasn't moved an inch.
Must be scared of me.
I don't believe it!
William's been captured
by the Scyphozoa! Oh, no!
[Jeremy] Aelita, XANA's possessed William
through the Scyphozoa.
[panting]
I'm almost there!
William, are you okay?
[grunts]
[Aelita moans]
[in distorted voice] Yeah!
[theme music]
I'm concerned about your friends.
I don't think they're a good influence.
How would you know? You don't know them.
You don't even know me!
-We haven't spoken for a year!
-But I still know what's best for you.
Oh, yeah? What's that?
That you respect your work.
Need I remind you that I'm the one paying?
And you're costing me a small fortune!
[phone rings]
Yes, Jeremy. Be right there.
I've gotta go.
I'm not finished speaking to you!
Well, I've finished listening!
Take one more step,
and I'll tell Dad everything.
[phone rings]
What a coincidence. It's dad.
Go on and tell him.
Daddy, Yumi wants to…
Hey, that's not dad, it's Jeremy!
Odd, did you get to the computer lab?
Why should I? I'm in the finals.
But didn't Sam tell you?
Tell me what?
Oh, yeah!
I'd like to see you top that.
Sam, why didn't you give me
Ulrich's message? It was important.
[stutters]
Important? I'm sorry.
I just really wanted you to stay.
We're lucky to be together again
for a day. I'm leaving tonight.
I know how you feel, Sam,
but I have to do something.
Even more important
than hanging out with me?
Unfortunately, yes.
[sad music]
[whistle]
The next contestant is Odd Della Robbia.
Odd?
[sinister music]
I don't believe it!
[distorted] Ready!
[Creepers growl]
[distorted grunts]
[Yumi] Jeremy, we're here.
[Jeremy] At last! Get to the scanners.
I'll explain everything on the way.
Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[action music]
Fire!
We've just lost the first shield layer.
[Jeremy] If the second one goes…
Lyoko will disappear forever.
And William along with it.
At last, they're there now.
[William in distorted voice] Fire!
William!
[grunts]
[Odd] He doesn't look happy to see us.
Yep, looks like me when I saw my father.
-If we lose Lyoko, I lose my father too.
-That's right.
Is that the program I started a while ago?
Yes! Unbelievable! It really works!
I found Franz Hopper!
[Aelita] Run the rematerialization
program, hurry!
Okay, now!
[Odd moans]
It's not very nice
to attack people from behind.
[grunts]
I knew it was a bad idea
to bring you into the group.
[groans]
[Jeremy] Nothing can stop them anymore.
-They're going to destroy the sphere!
-Almost there.
[growling]
[grunts]
[Aelita] It can't be!
I couldn't rematerialize Franz Hopper.
I didn't have enough time.
We've lost everything.
[Jeremy] William as well.
[tense music]
[theme music]
We have no other way to fight XANA now.
The entire world is in danger.
It's impossible even to imagine it.
And William, you think that he's…
This is horrible.
I was really hoping
I'd see my father again.
-I'm sorry. I did everything I could.
-I know you did, Jeremy.
[laptop beeps]
Hey, what the-- This is incredible!
Well, tell us. What's going on?
I just received a coded message…
A message directly from the Internet.
And it's signed…
Who? Tell us, Jeremy!
Franz Hopper!
[gasp]
[theme music]